Casual morning in hostel. Random guy just woke up, circles or tears todays date and we show him picking up his toothbrush and comnig out of room. Everyone is getting ready. Long shot of camera showing few students comign out of their rooms in towels and some just waking up. Camera follows this random guy from the back and follows him into the bathroom where everyone is washing faces or brushing teeth. We follow this guy, he puts toothpaste on his brush and we follow him as he goes to western comode bathroom and camera stays at his face height and he goes out of camera sitting on the comode and closes the door. As we rotate the camera backwards, someone completed their bath and came out and now we follow this guy's back and he goes into his room and closes door on the camera. camera stays there and his friend call him out to come for breakfast. one of the friend bangs the door. then m1 opens the door saying, 'let me get ready neatly.' and adjusts his hairstyle. 'ha enough, you are looking very handsome. shall we go now?' says the f1 and both of them go to mess, see a big queue, pick a bread banana and go to college. We show flashes of teachers teaching and it is evening time. They come out of the class. m1 asks what about the other class as f1 is going the other way. f1 reminds him that lecturer already told them that he won't be taking a class today. m1 says 'ohh.. then i have some important work to do'. f1 says 'i know ra to see her right' and m1 runs smiling. 
m1 goes to a classroom and tries to look at her, but his angle of view doesn't show her. he is outside so he is viewing from the glass. her hand taking notes is visible. so he goes to another door and looks at her, but someone sitting infront of her is blocking her face. so he tries to call her but then we show her phone is faced upside down. then we show inside the classroom from her back. her friend sitting beside her g1 notices him outside and he asks her to notify her. g1 leans into her ears and says he is calling her. We show her lips asking he is outside? g1 replies with yes. then we show her eyes as feeling shy and at the same time trying to make sure that professor is not looking at her. she then puts her hair behind her ears. and now m1 can clearly see her and we see his happiness after seeing her. she too blushes and asks why he is here only with signs. he signs if she wants to go for a coffee. she signs that this class will go until 6PM and she can't come. we see m1 requesting her but she cutely rejects. she then starts taking notes again, smiles in herself and looks at him again. he requests her one last time with a sad and cute face. but she says sorry and says no. but excitedly asks tomorrow? he shrugs his shoulders, smiles, and leaves. she looks at him as he goes back smiling and she smiles along with him and then looks into her smiling in herself. g1 asks 'why did you lie to him about extended class? you wanted to meet him from morning right' she answers 'didn't you see how he put on a sad face when i said no to him. he looks so cute like that. that's why i lied to him.' 'poor guy, i don't know how he will survive with a psycho like you' says g1. 'he'll learn' says the girl and laughs within herself. professor points finger at her and asks to pay attention, she asks if it is her he is pointing at only with signs. then professor clarifies 'not you ma, hey black shirt focus here' she says ohh and gets back to write notes, but we show top angle of her writing m1's name. here m1 name is revealed. then she flips the page and this cuts to m1 writing shashi name on his page. 
f1 looks at m1 writing shashi name on his notes and asks 'what happened with the coffee plan yesterday?' m1 replies that she said she would come with him today. f1 asks 'what if she asks you to come right now leaving this class, jsut like you did yesterday with her?' m1 replies 'classes are more important than her. however she won't do that.' f1 says 'i think you should take a look outside' m1 looks outside and finds shashi and g1 waiting outside. m1 feels so happy but looks at f1  who says, 'someone said to me that classes are more important than her' m1 feels bad for what he said, and tells shashi that he has class now with signs. she signs, 'now or she will go alone and he can go alone later' g1 looks at shashi and says 'psycho.' m1 looks at f1 and says 'some classes are not importnat mama.' and f1 spits at him jokingly. m1 asks her to wait for a minute. and she goes out of m1 vision and stands against the wall feeling shy and looking at g1. m1 opens his phone and does something, gets it out of silence mode asks f1 to call him. g1 tells shashi, 'i feel for him. idiot leaving his class for you.' shashi says 'he has to. things we have to do for love' and she blinks her eyes. f1 calls m1 and m1's phone rings and he tries to go out. professor asks him where he is going and he shows phone that he got call from his mother. then we show professor says okay and f1 is shocked to see m1 idea and says 'finally he made me a mother' and realises what he said has another interpretation and we show disgust in his face saying chee.. g1 tells shashi 'please dont disappoint him' shashi says 'why would i? even i like..' m1 comes out and shakes his head as he is ready to go. shahsi also shakes her head and both of them walk away to coffee.
They both sit across the coffee table and drink coffee, in the background (in blur), someone puts sugar in the other person's coffee. no dialogues between them. but as they come out, we show shashi stole something from his pocket and is playing with him and as they come out, m1's professor is also there. he looks at her and then asks m1 'mom?urgent?' m1 says sorry and professor asks them to go away with his fingers, they both laugh it off and walk away to her hostel. if possible put a song showing them walking the same way but in different dresses and include few other scenes to show that time passed. and they reach her hostel finally. he waves his hand and she goes into the hostel. he then goes to a tree with few bushes beside and stands there, she comes out of her room into the balcony and looks at him standing at that tree and waving her another goodbye.
Then one night after dinner, f1 and m1 start walking to their hostel. m1 says that he will talk to his mother and come to room. f1 jokingly asks if it is mom or shahsi. m1 says mom really and he walks away dialling to his mom. mom picks the call and m1 asks how are you? the voice from the other side replies i am busy with your dad now but it is male voice. So m1 realises he didn't change f1 contact to normal after the prof scene. they both laugh it off as f1 screams to change his contact. m1 says okay but just changes it to mom2 and then calls his actual mom and they talk for a while. as m1 talks and walks in a single shot, first m2 also can be seen talking to someone but in the outfocus as they both go in opposite directions. after two-three steps, m3 runs from his side towards the hostel. but both of them are in outfocus as it is m1 story. 
we see m1 talking about shashi with his mother. his mom is supportive only. she asks when he is planning to tell her. he replies 'after two days. on the ethnic night.' he then finishes the call and we listen his mother telling to be ready for whatever response he may get and not lose focus on other important things. he says okay and goes back to his room. he then sleeps on his bed and opens whatsapp to look at her DP, he blushes and tries to message her 'surprise for you' but deletes 'iloveyou' but deletes, writes some long passage and then we see him excitedly saying 'this should work.'
The next day is ethnic night. We see all shining dresses of girls and boys. everyone is trying to take photos. people waiting in line to get a photo with beautiful girls and a few guys taking their own and few just standing and looking at them in jealous. m1 waits for shashi in his traditional attire. and we see shashi come out in a red and green traditional attire. m1 is amazed and we see his palms sweating for the beauty he saw. camera is at their face level. shashi comes into the frame and shahsi waves her hand infront of him and signals 'let's go' m1 shakes his head and follows her blindly. a few of shahsi's friends try to take photos with m1 and we see shashi commanding to stay away from him with her eyes. m1 gains some confidence and tries to talk to shashi 'shashi i actually want to tell you something' shashi is also excited ans asks 'what?' and f1 and g1 interrupt them to join for the dance. g1 snatches shashi away from m1 and shahsi asks g1 to stop as m1 is trying to open up about something but g1 doesnt listen. m1 grabs f1 and looks at him angrily, f1 understood he spoiled something and runs into the dance crowd. m1 also goes runs behind him. and both shahsi and m1 try to find each other and they meet in the middle of the crowd. she asks what he was saying. and when m1 is ready to say he gets pushed and he gets very close to her eyes and when he tries to say something he doesn't remember and says he forgot and repeats that again. shahsi is a little disappointed and asks again, adn to cover it up m1 says that she is looking beatiful and that's what he wanted to say. shashi isn't impressed and thanks him and says she thought it was something important. and walks away to g1 who is enjoying her dance. m1 is also sad about wht happened and scolds f1 for coming in between of everything and ruining it. but m1 says that her eyes captivate him and he cannot say those lines to her looking into her eyes that would make him speechless. f1 asks then how. so m1 replies there is one way. the night is over and everyone has left. its almost 2. and shahsi asks if he really wanted to say that thing to her. m1 says yes. shahsi says okay and waves goodbye to him. m1 asks if she would accompany him for a walk for one round. and she signals no. he requests her with signals for one round and she again smiles and says no. g1 beside her says to m1 'she likes to torture you thats it' and then says to shahsi 'hey go with him. for one round you are making him pakistan infront of world countries.' and then shahsi hits g1 for disturbing saying 'you know why i do that right' and shahsi and m1 go for a round of walk. they don't talk anything. and m1 offers to his earphone to her and they start listenign songs. first song and then second song. and then proposal of m1 starts. with beautiful lines and his future fantases m1 palys the audio on his phone while shahsi listens to it. they still don't talk at all. we only show shashi's expressions as they walk and she gets the proposal. finally the proposal ends exactly infront of her hostel. she says she likes the songs especially the last one. m1 is seen smiling. and asks 'soo??' camera is at their face level. they jsut look into each others' eyes and both of them try to say something but none of them speak. then they jsut shake their heads agreeing for a goodbye and slowly move out of the camera but camera stays still. and then suddenly they both come into the camera for a liplock. a slow and passionate one. and both of them utter i love you very much at the same time as their kiss ends and continue with their kiss. and then there are few cut shots where m1 is seen walking and the kiss scene cuts are shown each for a few seconds. and after kiss scene him waving goodbye to her and she sending a flying kiss to him and m1 replicating the same. we see him blushing and walking down the road. and he reaches his hostel. m1 is still in the trance of shashi and goes to open his room. and then f1 comes to meet m1 and m1 is so happy and tells to f1 that shashi is his now officially. f1 is not seemingly happy and m1 notices that. m1 asks what happened and f1 asks if he can lend him some money. and when asked how much he says 5k. m1 is a little shocked but still gives him the money and asks him to stop any betting as he won't be giving him again. f1 accepts. m1 asks what is the amount the winner got and f1 replies 25k. m1 asks how many games and f1 says 1. m1 is shocked and asks who is he?


Casual morning in hostel. Random guy just woke up, circles or tears todays date and we show him picking up his toothbrush and comnig out of room. Everyone is getting ready. Long shot of camera showing few students comign out of their rooms in towels and some just waking up. Camera follows this random guy from the back and follows him into the bathroom where everyone is washing faces or brushing teeth. We follow this guy, he puts toothpaste on his brush and we follow him as he goes to western comode bathroom and camera stays at his face height and he goes out of camera sitting on the comode and closes the door. As we rotate the camera backwards, someone completed their bath and came out and now we follow this guy's back, but as he exits the bathroom we rotate camera to the side and focus on someone brushing their teeth with an old toothbrush and almost completed toothpaste. his friend says that queue in mess might get longer so they have to move now. this guy completes his brushing, washes his face and says 'again i'll have to bath after the classes' and we see m2. m2 goes in a hurry and dresses himself well and goes to mess, eats something and goes to classes. We show flashes of teachers teaching and it is evening time. 'let's go ra' his friend f2 tapped on his back. 'ha i can finally bath now' says m2 and goes to the hostel and goes into the bathroom. he is under the shower thinking about his father's words. 'iam proud of you son' 'you achieved this admission everyone was talking about.' 'and remember..' f2 bangs on bathroom door shouting 'what are you doing in there for so much time. let's go for dinner' m2 says he is coming and gets out of the shower, dresses in night pants with torn pocket on side. his group of friends all go to the mess, and one of them exclaims 'it's saturday night. hell with mess dinner. i'll go to canteen' everyone says okay but m2 is reluctant. m2 says 'sat'day dinner is very good to be frank. i don't know why you guys overreact on this.' one of them says 'not again ra. everytime you say the same thing. you are the only guy who likes saturday mess dinner. okay eat wherever you want.' and all of them leave to canteen with m2 alone in the mess. m2 picks up his plate, only puts a little of every dish and sits alone in the centre eating. goes back to his room and f2 pays him a visit. 'you shoudl have come with us, somehow canteen anna did good noodles today, we ordered twice' said f2 and m2 only nods and replies, 'we already went in the starting of this month right' 'who said canteen is only for once a month?' asked f2. m2 speaks nothing. 'okay we planned for gaming zone this sunday. will you join?' asked f2, but m2 rejects saying his quota is over for this month. and he will come only in the next month. 'f2 is just pissed at this moment and scolds him for not spending time iwht friends. he recalls how he used to come with them to anywhere in the first semester but then stopped eerything for some reason. f2 leaves. m2 switches off light and looks at his father and his photo. slowly m2 goes into sleep and his dad words resonate again. 'iam proud of you son' 'you achieved this admission everyone was talking about.' 'and remember..if you need any money do not hesitate to ask me. in colleges like that it is okay to spend some money when you with friends.' we show how m2 used to spend time with everyone for every restauant and movie in balcony eveery week mostly. then he went to his home for semester holidays. m2 mother asks him what he did and he explains all those things. she asks who gave you so much money. then m2 replies that father has been sending him money whenever needed. m2 mom looks at m2 dad in a pity way and explains m2 saying, 'just take care how you spend son. your father..' m2 dad calls out m2 mom and silently make her stay quiet. after everyone is sleep, m2 comes out of his room and listens mom adn dad discussing somehting. mom says that their finances are nto good now so they have to control their expenses nad you are gifting everthing to m2. dad scolds her for being too loud as it might wake up m2. m2 listens to all this from the backside of door. dad explains that it doesn't matter it is as dad his reponsibility to make sure his kids are living their life correctly. and says htat he believes m2 knows his limits and even if he doesnt he'll send him as much as he asks. m2  then feels bad about himslef thinking he is still taking money from his parents. and tries to stop that as much as possible. so he stops going to places slowly. we show that whenever they go to any restaurant,, he orders veg giving some reason cuz veg is less costly. whenver they go to gaming zone, he just sits there while they are playing. whenever they go to cinemas he convinces them to sit and enjoy in the middle seats. but these things happen only once a month. but on other times, when they go to restaurant he eats less tasteless food from mess. when they go to gaming zone, he plays some onlien game or ludo with some friends. when they go to movies. he goes like a thief and takes the least cost seat in the bottom but he still enjoy the show. but the next semester when he went for holidays, mom again asks but dad scolds mom little looking her. m2 says that he understands everyhting and want to stop unncessary costs so his spending ws very less. another midnight in the house. dad says to mom to see that m2 knows things. he knows where to spend, you should not be harsh. mom agrees. and we see m2 being satisfied but at the same time he is not happy as he is not able to fulfill his desires as his friends are doing.
then one day we show m2 walking in the balcony and f2 is screaming from his room. m2 goes inside and sees a few of them playing cards and m2 joins them. he doesnt know anything and slowly learns from f2, and he wins his first match there itself. it becomes a usual thing to play cards now. so one of them suggests to play on a bet. m2 is a little reluctant so seeing this they start with a small amount of 25 each. so he agrees on peer pressure and wins the game. we show him happy for winning the money but also a little guilt that it is not his money. so he offers to give it to them. but his friends dont accept, but he too doesnt accept so one of them suggests to m2 that he buy them drinks. m2 agrees and they go buy cool drinks. they ask him to play again  but he refuses and goes to sleep. but he gets flashes of his money getting 5 times there, and in the background his friend repeating wah he won it. then we show a flashback of his father's money lenders taking away all the things and when they lay fingers on his medals and cups, his father refuses to give them up saying he won it and they belong to him. no one has right to touch them. m2 remembers that and couldnt sleep. this thing and times when he couldnt buy things he wanted and his friend saying he won it disturbs him. m2 remembers f2 asking him to come to gamezone and he remembers the price as 500 . then we show his friends getting ready to put the cards and one of them was asking for a bet this time and the door opens with m2 saying 100, they are visibly shocked and we see them cheering and this cuts to them cheering in the gamezone and we see m2 is a lot more happier than he was.
when f2 invites him for another match some other day, but m2 rejects saying that he doesn't need it now. f2 tries to persuade him but he doesn't accpet. this shows that m2 is not yet addicted or not even greedy towards it, he is just earning for his need.
(NNEED TO ADD FENTANYL REFERENCE SOMEHOW IN THE ABOVE PARAGRAPHS-- NOT NECESSAY BUT IF DONE THEN GREAT)
then we see m2 opening his cupboard and realizes he doesn't have new clothes for ethnic night happening after two days, so he decides its time to win some money. he joins his friends and start playing. he starts slow and wins a few, but he then puts a big amount everything he won until that point and loses. m2 doesnt take that well and feels very sad and guilt that he lost the money. we show m2 leaving the room saying he doesn't watn to continue. and m2 goes out for a walk and calls his dad while returning to hostel. all common talks happen between them. but dad notices something off in m2 voice and enquires. we see m1 m2 m3 in the same frame, but m1, m3 are in outfocus as it is m2 story. m2 doesn't want to disclose but tells anyway. m2 tells dad that he has been playing a chess tournament all these days. he worked hard a lot and hardwork paid off well for a few mathces initially and today he lost very badly. and he is thinking to quit. his dad laughs it off that he wants to quit for only one loss. then dad says that he did a lot of business and faced a lot of losses initially but he never stopped. he says that to get profits you have to put money as investment. and to get wins you have to put hardwork and commitment and you may lose but never stop. one loss should not discourge you. m2 understands what he has to do now and thanks his dad for his encouragemnt. and runs to play another game. now m2 goes for another game series and now he wins a few and loses a few and in the last time he again puts all he has won and this time he wins. he is happy again. he realises he got more moeny than required and offers for a dinner outside and when they sit to eat in the backgroudn outfocus, someone mixed some salt in their lemon juice and offered it to the person beside them and these guys buy drinks and one of them says he is waiting to see girls on ethnic night and we see his imagining face.
It cuts to the same excitemnt face on ethnic night and he rotates to see all beautiful girls around. and they go to see and ask photos with some beautiful girls, htey take some good photos. then f2 looks at another beautiful girl and is so much impressed to look at her. f2 tries to go ask her for a photo but we see her smiling and eexcitedly hugging an average guy and also kissing him on cheek. f2 is very much disappointed in seeing her hugging that avg guy and feels sad. m2 takes that very lightly and tries to console him jokingly saying 'if you are jealous that she kissed him, don't be. i'll go and ask arrange for you to kiss him.' f2 is so sad that he doesn't even want to laugh but m2 laughs at it. f1 joins m2,f2 and compliments m2 for his dressing style. f2 asks where was f1 all this time. and f1 replies saying he was sitting their on the stairs and was watching some award presentation happening. f1 then invites m2 and f2 to join for a betting game with seniors. f2 says he will come if possible but cannot promise and m2 is not interested at all. then f1 leaves that if they have change of plans they can come to G hostel room unmber 333. m2 and friends enjoy the dj dance and after everything is over. while they are walking m2 asks for what photos he clicked, f2 gives his phone and m2 checks those photos and scold f2 for not taking good photos. f2 becomes a little angry adn tells that it is not an iphone to get good photos. and m2 asks if it would have been an iphone then does f2 take good photos? then f2 promises that he will take good photos but where would he get an iphone - from H hostel room 420(m2 room). m2 smiles and says G hostel 333. we show instances of them playing games and for last game comes m2. and they have 5k bet each now and after the game is done he wins 25k along with 5k back. we see f1 saying he is short on money so he will go get it. now as all are discussing something. then one of them says that just now the sports tournament running race participatnts released. so they plan for another bet. and m2 asks what bet? it is revealed that for every sport in this tournament they bet without knowing anything about who is playing. they only know total no of partipants for each sport and they pick random number and bets money on them. m2 thinks about it. and he realises that the money coming in this new bet is enough for him to buy iphone. he chooses running race and picks a number and bets a huge amount. everyone puts their bet and now they can see whom they bet upon. we see some are confident and some are sad. m2 opens his mail, and checks the list. and asks f2 who is this person??


Casual morning in hostel. Random guy just woke up, circles or tears todays date and we show him picking up his toothbrush and comnig out of room. Everyone is getting ready. Long shot of camera showing few students comign out of their rooms in towels and some just waking up. Camera follows this random guy from the back and follows him into the bathroom where everyone is washing faces or brushing teeth. We follow this guy, he puts toothpaste on his brush and we follow him as he goes to western comode bathroom and camera stays at his face height and he goes out of camera sitting on the comode and closes the door. As we rotate the camera backwards, someone completed their bath and came out and now we follow this guy's back, but as he exits the bathroom we rotate camera to the side and focus on someone brushing their teeth with an old toothbrush and almost completed toothpaste. We trace back the path to the guy who is sitting in the comode and show m2 talking with f2 and leaves and we turn to focus on the door. the door opens and he comes out so we follow him now until the washbasin and there this random guy greets m3 who just got in with a lot of sweat and bucket and towel in his hands. we rotate and stay there while m3 goes into the bathroom. and then he comes out, we follow his back and we stay at the stairs then we rotate back and see f1 banging m1 door as at the start but we ignore it and rotate again to see m3 already leaving. we follow him and he goes into the mess. we see him asking his friend f3 to take and egg for him with alreayd 2 eggs in his plate. he eats them and goes to classes. We show flashes of teachers teaching and it is evening time. m3 gets up, his friend f3 reminds him that the coach asked them to meet him that evening and m3 nods and cycles to the hostel. changes his clothes and goes into the gym. he starts on the treadmill and starts his warmup slowly. but we see his face going bored and he increases the speed to a bigger level and at one point he is satisfied with that speed and closes his eyes. the camers slowly comes down showing his legs running on a treadmill transitioned to a small boy (10 years or 5th class) in school uniform running in a race. we move up slowly and his face comes into the frame the moment he reaches the finish line and wraps the finishing line silk cloth as he runs. all of his friends are excited. he looks at his parents and they are clapping while his mother is flying kissing him from far. his teachers come to congratulate him and his friends come and lift him in excitement. and cut to he is standing on the podium of first place and is handed the gold medal. as the gold medal is given to him, all are clapping and taking photos. we show his face smiling to all their reactions and he is looking at his gold medal. someone asks him to look at the photo and smile and we see him looking into the camera with full of smile. cut to flashes of him running and winning with the silk cloth wrapped to his body. and him standing on the podium with the gold medal in his hands and some flashes of his friends celebrating his victory and him smiling for the photos for every year from his 5th standard to now, all of these come in flashes and photographs. as he is envisioning his current self running on a race track of a particular race we show his feet, with a kind of shoes and the transition happens from race track to treadmill. f3 comes and switches off the treadmill. and m3 looks at him madly and tries to scold him but f3 quickly shushes him and says 'talk with coach not me. he asked me to bring you fast.' m3 seems disturbed and gets off the treadmill.(in blur beside there is another treadmill and a person is running on it or he is lifitng weights). m3 subsides his anger and leaves slowly jogging and meets the coach. the coach informs that the inter college competitions are going to start and he wants everyone to attend the practice sessions without fail especialy m3. all players standing there for practice look at m3 and he nods looking at the coach saying "yes sir". and everyone disperses for practice. then the coach comes to m3 and says that this time he wants him to compete the long race and win. and m3 thinks for a while and says that whatever the coach wants he will do and he will also win it for him. coach is happy and asks him to work a little harder.
from next day we show him working hard in the gym running and then running on track along with the players with the coach checking time on a stopwatch. it is clearly visible that he is good amount further when compared to his other players. but when coach comes and talks to m3 after practice. he says that he is not upto the standards the coach expected and his time is a little slow than his last win at the tournament. m3 agrees and says he will improve and the coach calls off the practice. f3 and m3 walk towards the bus stand and f3 expresses his anger on coach saying the guy is not at all satisfied with the efforts put and always expects more. and says that his win at the previosu tournament was (some time) (m3 rests his back by sleeping on the bench and closes his eyes) and the second guy was 5 seconds late and that too in a short race and now in the long race with his speed he will definitely beat them by more than 20 seconds. m3 is not yet satisfied asks what if he can't and we see the bus is coming to the bus stand. f3 and m3 get up from the bench and wait for the bus to come to them. m3 asks what is the distance from this place to the hostel? f3 is confused and asks what? m3 repeats the quesiton again by taking out his phone. f3 answers (some hundreds of meters) while climbing the bus stairs and turns back to ask why. m3 throws the phone at f3 and starts running. and f3 catches the phone and looks at it. stopwatch is started and we show m3 running towards the hostel. we show m3 running and after some distance we show the bus passing him and he looks at f3 standing at the stairs of the bus and both of them give each other an eye contact. and m3 is running with more power. we see m1 m2 m3 in the same frame, but m1, m2 are in outfocus as it is m3 story. m3 runs to the hostel door where we see f3 standing with the phone. m3 runs faster and crosses f3 and m3 is panting and bends such that his face is close to the camera. in outfocus f3 turns back, m3 turns back. and we focus on f3 face who made a shock expression looking at the stopwatch and cut to the same frame of coach making a shock expression looking at the stopwatch. m3 runs to the coach after completeing his lap and pants infront of him. and f3 is standing behind coach. coach says the opponent will definitely lose with more than 20seconds. f3 smiles and m3 also smiles. coach says that he is happy with his improvement and advises the players to come tomorrow again at the same time. but we see sports secretary who is also in the practice saying that they have ethnic night event tomorrow so no one would come as everyone will be in enjoying mood tomorrow. everyone is looking at the coach so he will approve the practice off. m3 is neutral. coach looks at everyone and approves. all of them thank him and leave. f3 puts his arms around the secretary and thanks him for saving them tomorrow. and secretary reminds m3 tomorrow that there is award ceremony before the dj event for the tournament happened before. m3 says he remembers and says he will come. so they bid each other goodbyes. the next day morning m3 is in the gym and there is no one else. f3 comes to him saying he was looking for him at all the places and questions that still he is here for gym. m3 shrugs it off saying it is just mandatory practice and f3 reminds him that the event is going to start in 2 more hours. m3 nods and puts on his earphones back to practice and we transition to the same song played on speakers at the event. event scenes few cuts. and the anchor mentions about award ceremony starting. some awards are mentioned and finally it is m3's turns. and m3 gets on the stage. we follow his back as he climbs the stairs and takes the award from the dean and the camera pans into the audience clapping while his friends are cheering and a few girls are clicking his photos and he kannu kodatadu to one of the girls and they shyly smile, while he poses for the photo with dean in front of the cameraman. and then he gets off and some other award functions happen. f3 is happy for him and lifts m3 and puts him down then. then the dj event happens and all of them dance along with m3 and f3 enjoying for a while. and after everything is done m3 and f3 walk and talk about the details of the tournament happening and f3 says that according to the sports sec it should be released today as he doesnt have internet now he will check after going to the hostel. then m3 goes into his room and changes his clothes and sleeps looking into nothingness and remebering the unfinished race from the treadmill. we show the same shoes that he left not winning during treadmill running but whenever the foot touches ground we hear the door banging sound. the door bangs rhymes with the foot movement on the ground. and we show m3 disturbed in his sleep and wakes up with eyes full open and anger. and the door bangs are heard. he sits and closes his eyes to wake up from his sleep but seems angry. and shouts 'who are you?'

he opens the door and we show m2 and f3 smiling. m2 introduces himself to m3 and m3 doesn't seem to care and is irritated for his sleep disturbance. m2 realises that he might not be in a mood to talk right now. 'I just wanted to see you.' says m2, 'you look great. A safe bet I guess.' and leaves saying good night. m3 is still perplexed who that guy can be and raises eyebrows at f3. f3 says that he is the guy who bet on you this year. m3 again looks at m2 as he walks down the corridor. and slams the door. f3 hits on the door again. and m3 asks angrily, 'won't you let me sleep?' f3 is kinda confused and says didn't you realise? and m3 looks at the clock on his table and sees its already 7 in the morning and looks at f3 saying, 'I have been running the whole night!' and leaves taking his toothbrush. and goes for practice.